.TH SYSLOG\-NOTIFY 1 "22 January 2012" "syslog-notify 0.3beta" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
syslog\-notify \- direct syslog messages to notification windows

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B syslog-notify [ \-n ] [ \-f
.I fifoname
.B ] [ \-c
.I count
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B syslog-notify
reads messages from a named pipe (normally placed there by
.BR syslog (8)
or a similar daemon) and displays them to the user via the desktop notification system.
By default, it runs in the background and exits when the notification system is no longer available, typically when the user has logged out.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-n
No background; stay running as a foreground process.
.TP
.BI \-f \ fifoname
Read messages from
.I fifoname
(default is /var/spool/syslog-notify).
.BR syslog (8)
must be configured to send messages to this named pipe, and it must exist on startup.
.TP
.BI \-c \ count
Enable flood detection. If more than
.I count
messages are waiting on a read from the pipe, they will be abbreviated and sent
as a single notification. (Flood detection is disabled by default.)
.TP
.BI \-w \ waittime
Wait
.I waittime
seconds between successive reads of the pipe. This makes flood detection more
likely to trigger, as it gives time for messages to build up. Using this option
will, of course, decrease the timeliness of messages by up to
.I waittime
seconds.
(By default, messages are read as soon as ready.)

.SH FILES
.TP
.I /var/spool/syslog-notify
Default named pipe to read messages from.

.SH AUTHOR
Jonathan Niehof, <jtniehof at gmail.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mkfifo (1)
and either
.BR rsyslog.conf (5)
or
.BR syslog.conf (5)
.br
http://jtniehof.github.com/syslog-notify/
